the reason why I love her . I have figured this out . For the very beginning I met her in the second-hand group , her politeness and friendship deeply moved me a lot . She was so nice and cute , which is not easy and common to encounter in real life . I felt kindness and gentleness from her words . Because the real world is full of rudeness , frauds , schemes . When I checked everything in her qq zone , I spotted her name which is so unique only this one in internet . I thought she is so naive to expose such an important infomation to public . I feel good impression on her at that time .

As time goes by , I want to talk to her more, but I have no topic to use and I am afriad that she will be bored on me even delete me . So for a long time , I have no topic with her . Finally , after the blue bridge cup , I had a topic with her . I was very happy that she still remembered me and kept me in her contact .

Time kept going on . we opened our first topic box at the 2022 summer holiday . I showed her some of my thoughts about everything and she started to ask my sex hobby which teased me a lot . I even didn't think I will meet her in the future . I used to try to go with her to her postgraduate school but I failed . I had started to like her back at that time .

We have kept in touch for about more than two years , which is the longest relationship with a certain Internet friend . I was used to deleting an Internet friend after a few monthes later or when I found they are useless anymore . But she is the only one I kept out of no reason . She used to offer me some information to help me to know about the academic things . But it is not my main purpose to chat with her all the time .

Maybe just to find an audience to listen everything I want to say is the basic purpose I want to keep her in my wechat for such a long time . And she expressed she would read everything I wrote to her . Actually I really don't know why she would like to waste time to read my rubbish words which some of them are totally lies and bullshit. Anyway we kept this contact for a fair long time .

Finally I met her in person and fell in love with her . It is a real love or I won't use one third of my payment to make her happy . But love and life are hard . May I have good luck .